All right so our home page posts are all set.
They're coming from where they need to come from.
Now we want to work on a single post page because this doesn't look very good.
All right now what we're going to want to do is create a new file in our theme and save it as single
Daut THP.
OK.
And for now let's let's just copy what we have in the index file and paste that in.
All right so there's a lot that we need to remove here.
We want the header the form we don't want the form so we can get rid of that.
And then where we have this ink grid vertical space I want to use this for for the actual content so
we can keep this div the panel div.
That's it really.
Yeah.
So everything from within the panel we can actually get rid of
OK.
Let's see.
So this one ends down.
Now let's get rid.
You know what let's get rid of everything except those two divs.
And of course the footer.
All right.
So looks like I'm going to need to add one more div here.
So I actually didn't have to copy the index page.
Now in here we're going to have a main main area for the post and then a sidebar for any widgets that
we have.
All right so to do that we're going to say div class
calling group which is like a row and bootstrap.
OK and then we're going to have a div with the class of all Dasch 70.
Let's also give it a class of post and then for the sidebar we'll say give class all 30
.
Now in the all 70 div Let's start our while loop
ok and then we're going to end it.
OK.
Now in here let's add the title.
OK and let's just check and see if it's actually working.
So if he reload the single page there we go we just have the title.
So let's go under that
and then I'm just going to paste in the matter of the model data.
So if we go through it we have a div with the class of matter where seeing posted on.
And then we're using the time function then by we have get the author Metta.
OK so that's going to get the the author.
No this will give the author right here and then this is going to give us a link to the author's archive
and then down here we're just using get the category to get all the categories as an array and then
down here we're looping through and we're displaying the categories.
All right so let's save that reload and there we go.
And next let's be sure to get the thumbnail.
Actually that's created div.
Now we'll do that afterwards too.
HPF
has post
.
Now
if he has thumbnail then we're going to create a div
and then here will say p p the post thumbnail
.
Right.
So there's our image.
All right so after that
let's do the content.
So for a wind break.
And then let's say ph P the content
and then we'll do another line break and then we'll do the comments template.
And there we go.
So we're going to add a little bit of styling.
Let's go to styles CSX style matter.
I'll give it a dark background with white color I'll give it padding of five pixels and let's set for
a bottom
right now for The Post thumbnail
image.
We're going to sit with you 100 percent in the heights to auto
save that and now it looks better.
So while we're here we might as well do the sidebar as well.
So let's go into functions of P P and we need to add support for for widgets.
So let's create a function called init widgets and they'll take in an ID
.
And I'm actually going to paste this in.
So we're calling registers bar and the name is going to be side bar the ID sidebar which is all lowercase
and then before the widget we're just going to have a div before the title will have an H-3 right now
in order for this to work we need to have the add action widgets in it is the hook you want to use.
Save that.
Now let's go back into single thought ph P go into where we have this all 30.
When I create a class of sidebar
I'm going to paste in the dynamic sidebar function.
Jane make sure you have sidebar as the ideas well save it.
Now if we go to our back end you should now have widgets on the appearance.
And let's bring over categories
and let's bring over archives.
OK go back reload.
Now let's add a little bit of styling here because that doesn't look too good.
So we're going to go to our style sheet
and let's add our Sidebar class.
I'm just going to put some padding to the left let's say 25
and then we want the ally.
So that'll be less style.
None.
Let's give it a.
Line height of two point two am and then sort of bottom
say dotted and like right.
OK.
So that looks a little better.
Actually you know each one let's give it a div of side widgets so where we have this before widget.
I'm just going to add class
side widget and then we can separate them a little bit
.
All right.
So that's the single page.
Now for the comments we're going to do the same thing we've been doing.
We're going to just create a custom comments template
and we're going to just add basically just boilerplate code that's from the documentation.
If you want to get that copied We'll spit all the comments here and then the form here
.
OK so it doesn't look that great so we're just going to add our styling.
OK nothing special just kind of the same thing we've been doing.
We have our comments class the headings the body the Met the Reply link and the form.
And there you go.
So that's a single page with comments with the sidebar.
So in the next video we're going to work on the archived pages because if I click on one of these categories
it just takes us to a page that looks like our home page which isn't what we want.
All right so we'll get into that next.